            Why do we need variables?

Anything we write in code(software) is processed and stored in the memory(hardware).

The memory addresses are not easy to deal with and remember, as it consists of billions of binary and hexadecimal numbers.

So, in order to reuse a value, we need to have a reference for it.

Variables are just the way we communicate with the memory to fetch the data.

3+4 will be stored in a random memory address that we can not access after that. So, the value will be lost.

x = 3+ 4 will be stored in a random memory address, but we can access it using the reference x.



            Naming variables

It is good practice to name your variables meaningful names instead of x, y, z.

I can't used Python reserved keywords to name your variables.

For example: if, for, while, and many more.
You can find the complete list of Python reserved keywords here.


Keywordord 	Description
and	A logical operator
as	To create an alias
assert	For debugging
break	To break out of a loop
class	To define a class
continue	To continue to the next iteration of a loop
def	To define a function
del	To delete an object
elif	Used in conditional statements, same as else if
else	Used in conditional statements
except	Used with exceptions, what to do when an exception occurs
False	Boolean value, result of comparison operations
finally	Used with exceptions, a block of code that will be executed no matter if there is an exception or not
for	To create a for loop
from	To import specific parts of a module
global	To declare a global variable
if	To make a conditional statement
import	To import a module
in	To check if a value is present in a list, tuple, etc.
is	To test if two variables are equal
lambda	To create an anonymous function
None	Represents a null value
nonlocal	To declare a non-local variable
not	A logical operator
or	A logical operator
pass	A null statement, a statement that will do nothing
raise	To raise an exception
return	To exit a function and return a value
True	Boolean value, result of comparison operations
try	To make a try...except statement
while	To create a while loop
with	Used to simplify exception handling
yield	To end a function, returns a generator



            Naming Variables

Python is case-sensitive, so x is differient from X.
Never use the characters 'l' (lowercase letter el), 'O' (uppercase letter oh), or 'I' (uppercase letter eye) as a single character variable names.

According to the guide, variable names should be lowercase, with words seperated by underscores as necessary to improbe readability.


